Dr. Lauren's surgery fee is all settled
Perfect
Hey, by the way, customer service.
What happened to Harajuku's father?
report host
Leslie
Norman will be at a banquet in three days
Drink poisoned wine
sudden death
What happened to this man
Determine my place in this world
No, I have to stop this
warm
What's wrong with Nuannuan?
Mom, I had a nightmare.
I'm so scared.
Don't be afraid
What were you dreaming about?
I dreamed that my father was at a night party
Drank a glass of poisoned wine
He fell to the ground and turned yellow
He is wearing a blue dress
Then covered in blood
I'm really scared
I just picked out the blue dress for Leslie
Is it a dream of jade?
Baby is not afraid
This is just a dream
Your brother will be fine
No, I have to tell Lao Jin ASAP
report host
Leslie has received the message
Concerned about the poisoned wine incident
That's fine.
As long as he can avoid this poisoning incident
Maybe my ending will also be reversed
Hey
Sorry, I haven't found you yet.
Thanks.
I heard that you saved the scene by asking your cousin to go to the filming
That day at the top of the stairs
Pretending to be bullied by you with bitter meat
You see it.
I not only see
Also photographed
Want it?
But
You promise me something
What's wrong?
I owe it first
No, nothing else.
I don't care what other people think of me.
I will not change the way others see me
Law at an unknown cost
I can't tell you're excited
If there's nothing else, I'll go first
This little girl seems to like that little girl with the surname Cool
young
I didn't get any better.